A Family Is Staying At a Secluded Mobile Home Park
And Gets Stalked And Hunted
By Three Masked Psychopaths
Scary Recap here. Today, I'm going to
explain a horror, slasher- thriller film
called "The Strangers: Prey at Night."
Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care.
A van with three masked strangers pulls up to
one trailer in a dark and secluded trailer park
in Kalida, Ohio. One among them-
a blonde woman- known as Dollface
knocks on the door of the trailer where
a couple lives, waking up the woman.
Upon investigating, she finds a van
outside her house with the radio on.
She is shocked to find Dollface already in the
house. It is implied that the wife is killed
off-screen, and another killer, Pin-Up Girl, lies
down in bed next to the woman's husband eerily.
Elsewhere, Mike and Cindy are getting ready for
a trip along with their defiant daughter Kinsey.
Their plan is for a getaway at their Uncle
Marvin's home at Gatlin Lake before sending off
Kinsey to a boarding school due to a history of
unruly behavior, which Cindy is not happy about.
They pick their son Luke from a nearby park
as he is playing a game with his friends.
Later that night, they stop at a diner. Unhappy
about being sent off to a boarding school,
Kinsey steps outside for a cigarette.
Cindy goes out to talk to her,
but Kinsey lets her know that she doesn't
deserve this kind of treatment from her parents.
They reach Gatlin Lake Getaway. Mike and
Cindy are surprised to find that the place
is strangely isolated. They were surprised,
mainly because the area is a campsite and
is meant to have people living in other
cabins. But, since it's an off-season,
the place is conveniently, entirely empty.
The family arrives at the trailer park,
and Cindy enters the leading shop to find
that Marvin had left the key and a note
saying they can meet in the morning. They
reach trailer no. 47, a secluded home. Soon,
they hear a knock on the door. Cindy opens the
door to find Dollface, this time without a mask,
but her face is covered in darkness. Cindy asks
her if she is lost and if she needs to call
someone. Dollface asks for someone named Tamara
before leaving. The psychopath killers begin their
game. The couple had no reason right now to be
worried about this random blonde girl. Mike tries
to convince Kinsey about their decision to send
her to a boarding school. A frustrated Kinsey
leaves the trailer to get away from everyone. Luke
is asked by his parents to try to talk to her.
Luke finds Kinsey shuddering, and the
two continue their sibling squabble.
Back at the family trailer, Dollface
shows up and asks for Tamara again!
Cindy and Mike find the blonde girl weird
and leave to see the kids. Luke and Kinsey,
meanwhile, walk together until they come across
a bizarre trailer that is left open. Soon after
entering the trailer, they hear a banging sound.
They opened the door to find a dog running out,
yelping. They notice a rotten smell coming
from one of the rooms. Inside the room,
Mike finds "hello" written on the window several
times in red before Kinsey discovers her uncle's
mutilated corpse covered with a sheet. Terrified
and panicked by the sight of it, Kinsey and Luke
run out of the trailer. Cindy and Mike run-up
to their children to find them petrified.
Luke and Kinsey say that they found the bodies
of Uncle Marvin and their Aunt Sheryl all cut up
and drenched in blood. They are a couple murdered
in the opening scene. Mike believes them after a
slight hesitation. He asks Cindy to take Kinsey
back home, call the police and lock the door.
Mike and Luke, on the other hand,
go back to Marvin's trailer.
Horrified and shocked by the experience, Kinsey
sobs after reaching their trailer. Cindy and Kinsy
are even more panic-stricken when they find out
their phones have been smashed. One of the cell
phones works just enough for Cindy to make a
call. But she is interrupted by Dollface, who
appears behind them, a little later. This time,
she is wearing a mask and is seen scratching her
knife across the counter. Kinsey and Cindy manage
to somehow lock themselves into the bathroom. But
the threat of them being killed is still genuine.
Kinsey manages to get out of the bathroom through
an opening in the ceiling. She tries to help
Cindy climb atop but fails, as Dollface breaks in.
Cindy pleads with Kinsey to escape and save
herself. Dollface brutally stabs Cindy to death
from behind as Kinsey watches before fleeing.
It seems that the killers can assert their
dominance over the fate of the family over
and over, seemingly, always one step ahead.
A creepy smiley is seen as a signboard outside the
trailer. Mike and Luke find Marvin and Sheryl's
mutilated bodies and decide to call cops before
realizing they left their phones back at their
trailer. There, they find the voicemail that
Cindy left for their uncle informing them about
their late arrival. Luke and Mike realize
that the offenders were, in fact, waiting
for their arrival. All of a sudden, they hear
a banging noise and a squeaking swing outside.
They realize that they are being stalked by a
Masked Man wielding an axe. Mike finds a gun
inside the trailer, loads it, and threatens to
use it on the masked man if he doesn't leave.
But after he brilliantly flings the door
open, not knowing what's on the other side,
the Masked Man disappears. Luke and Mike run
away from the trailer to find Cindy and Kinsey.
There they find Cindy dead and a similar smiley
face. They take their van to find Kinsey, only for
the Masked Man to throw a brick at the windshield,
forcing the van to crash into another trailer.
Simultaneously, Kinsey is running for
her life after being spotted by Dollface.
Panting, whimpering, and sobbing, she runs
into a car with the radio on. In the car is
another masked man. She is now being pursued by
three psychopaths. The masked Man chases Kinsey.
Although she finds a hiding spot, it is of no
use. She was quickly spotted and screamed to
be left alone. But the Pin-Up Girl emerges from
behind and says they're just getting started!
After the two get their consciousness
back at the car, Luke discovers that
Mike is pinned to the seat by a wooden piece of
trailer's porch. Mike wants Luke to run away,
but Luke doesn't want to leave his dad alone. Mike
motivates his son to go find his sister and asks
him to take the gun with him. Luke promises to
find Kinsey, call the cops and get an ambulance.
An emotional Mike lets Luke know that
he is proud of him. After Luke leaves,
Mike finds himself face to face with the masked
man with nowhere to go. He pleads to the masked
man to leave his family alone. But it is of
no use as the Man in the Mask stabs him in the
throat with an ice pick in their typical fashion-
after taunting them by playing music in the car.
Kinsey manages to somehow run away again
at a distance, but death still seems to be
within a touching distance for her. Kinsey
runs back to their trailer. She hears a
strange noise coming from the other room,
finding a jack in the box on the ground,
and Dollface, nearby, reveals herself
with a high-pitched squeak and moaning.
Dollface stabs Kinsey, but Luke arrives just in
time to save her and holds Dollface at gunpoint.
Dollface laughs insanely and asks whether he
is gonna shoot her. He doesn't hit, which would
turn out to be a costly mistake later. He grabs
Kinsey and runs, and they reach another trailer.
There Kinsey is upset she couldn't save her mother
and blames herself for being late for the trip.
But Luke tries to calm her down while he tends to
Kinsey's wounds. Then, the masked Man rams into
the trailer with his truck, forcing the siblings
to run. Unfortunately, Luke leaves his gun behind.
Realizing that Kinsey can't run, Luke leaves her
under a porch while he goes to the main office to
get help. He manages to call 911 from there but
loses connection midway while trying to remember
his exact location. Now, the masked psychopaths
had rounded him off and messed with the power.
As always, they turned the music
on as Luke grabbed a golf club.
He sees the Pin-Up girl and runs towards the pool,
where he manages to whack her with the golf club.
The killers turn on the area's lights, set the
soundtrack for the kill. Thus, the psychopaths are
trying to establish an ambiance for murder. Just
as he tries to unmask her, she tries to stab him.
But, Luke manages to get the knife from
her and stabs her to death instead.
Moments later, the Masked Man shows up with his
axe and chases Luke. The two fall in the pool
and fight for their lives. Eventually, the Man
in the Mask gets the upper hand and stabs Luke,
leaving him to bleed out in the pool. Kinsey finds
Luke and manages to hide him while she tries to
get help. Limping her way to find some help, she
comes across a police van. She asks the officer to
help her, only for Dollface to slash his throat.
Kinsey tries to escape in the officer's van but
realizes Dollface has the key! Ready to savor the
prey, Dollface opens the door and starts slashing
Kinsey. But Kinsey grabs the officer's rifle
and shoots Dollface away. Kinsey takes off her
Mask and asks her why she is doing this, to which
Dollface replies with a bloody smile, "Why not?'
Kinsey finishes her off with another shot.
Kinsey then tries to drive back to find Luke.
But the Masked Man appears again, in a huge van.
He rams into the police car in which Kinsey is.
Kinsey has nowhere to go as her vehicle doesn't
start. The masked man continues to ram into the
vehicle multiple times until Kinsey gets out
of it. She notices the cars are leaking fuel.
She grabs her lighter and throws it at the cars,
causing them to explode. However, the masked Man
survives the explosion extraordinarily and
chases her into the car, already in flames.
They reach a bridge, where he gets out of the
car with his ax, only to drop to his knees.
He pulls a piece of glass out of his abdomen
and then falls to the ground, apparently dead.
Kinsey spots another van and flags it down
for help. The woman in the car approaches
her for help but then backs off after seeing
the masked Man behind Kinsey, still alive!
The woman starts the vehicle, and Kinsey
manages to climb into the truck's bed with
the masked Man following slowly. He too climbs
into it, but just when he tries to get Kinsey,
she grabs a bat and knocks him out once and
for all. She is relieved, exhausted, sad,
and terrified all at once as she finally manages
to escape from what has been a terrible getaway.
Sometime later, Kinsey wakes up from a nightmare.
Kinsey realizes she is in a hospital with her
brother, Luke. Luke is still recovering from his
injuries and has yet to gain consciousness. The
feeling of survival made her kiss his forehead.
Just as Kinsey goes to get water for herself, once
again, she hears a knock at the door, as well as
the distinct sound of a jack-in-the-box Dollface
used earlier in the park., just as before, as the
film ends. Are the killers really dead? In the
end, probably at least one of the psychopaths
survived and is waiting for Kinsie and Luke!
Yes, and that's about it. For more videos
like this, subscribe to our channel.
Turn on notifications and don't forget
to leave a like. Thank you for watching!